Fix coverage-analysis activation for plateau diagnosis prompts (#647)
dotnet/skills: plugins/dotnet-test/skills/code-testing-agent/SKILL.md

---
name: code-testing-agent
description: >-
  Generates and writes new unit tests for any programming language using a
  Research-Plan-Implement pipeline. Use when user says "generate tests",
  "write unit tests", "add tests", "improve test coverage", "create test

>   project", "achieve high coverage", "comprehensive tests", or asks to

Reviewer: I slightly prefer the original wording without quotation - as quotes might lure LLM to think it must be exact formulation

>   project", "achieve high coverage", "comprehensive tests", or asks to

Author: ```suggestion
  Research-Plan-Implement pipeline. Use when asked to generate tests,
  write unit tests, add tests, improve test coverage, create test
  project, achieve high coverage, comprehensive tests, or asked to
```
